README.md, before:

# Responsive Site Design (DSGN8235)

## Group Project 2

### Group Members

- [Shruti Devani](https://github.com/Shrutidevani)
- [Vinay Kumar Reddy Janumpally](https://github.com/vinayreddyj)
- [Pratharan Sai Rupak Reddy Gondi](https://github.com/rupakreddy11)
- [Keyur Mansukhbhai Kanani](https://github.com/Keyur24121999)
- [Harpreet Singh](https://github.com/devhs89)

### Instructions

- Each in the group must complete at least 1 pages towards the final project.
- Each page should come with a different page layout. Pages with identical layout will be considered as one page.
- Each page should contain at lease 1.5 screen-height content when displayed on a 1920*1080 desktop/laptop screen.
- Assign Project Roles as need to ensure work is completed on time.
- Appropriate meta tags.
- Appropriate semantic HTML5 tags (nav, main, aside, etc..).
- One page utilizing tables effectively to display tabular information.
- One page utilizing \<form\>.
- Consistent common components across the entire website.
- 1 External style sheet only (.css file).
- Two responsive views, desktop view and mobile view (at 768px).
- Responsive or Flexible images without distortion.
- Utilize FlexBox or CSS Grid for responsiveness.

### Grading Criteria

- MUST be coded from scratch, no external libraries (except fonts) or templates allowed, all external libraries will be
  removed when grading
- Accessibility
- No inline & embedded styles
- No image distortion
- Must follow HTML.5 standard (using header, nav, main, footer, aside, etc)
- Strict separation of information from presentation (styles)
- URLs for graphics from internet must be provided (as comments in source code)
- Syntax error any other mistake

Commit message:

DOCS: add disclaimer
Signed-off-by: Harpreet Singh <90693057+devhs89@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Responsive Site Design (DSGN8235)

## Group Project 2

### Group Members

- [Shruti Devani](https://github.com/Shrutidevani/)
- [Vinay Kumar Reddy Janumpally](https://github.com/vinayreddyj/)
- [Pratharan Sai Rupak Reddy Gondi](https://github.com/rupakreddy11/)
- [Keyur Mansukhbhai Kanani](https://github.com/Keyur24121999/)
- [Harpreet Singh](https://github.com/devhs89/)

### Instructions

- Each in the group must complete at least 1 pages towards the final project.
- Each page should come with a different page layout. Pages with identical layout will be considered as one page.
- Each page should contain at lease 1.5 screen-height content when displayed on a 1920*1080 desktop/laptop screen.
- Assign Project Roles as need to ensure work is completed on time.
- Appropriate meta tags.
- Appropriate semantic HTML5 tags (nav, main, aside, etc..).
- One page utilizing tables effectively to display tabular information.
- One page utilizing \<form\>.
- Consistent common components across the entire website.
- 1 External style sheet only (.css file).
- Two responsive views, desktop view and mobile view (at 768px).
- Responsive or Flexible images without distortion.
- Utilize FlexBox or CSS Grid for responsiveness.

### Grading Criteria

- MUST be coded from scratch, no external libraries (except fonts) or templates allowed, all external libraries will be
  removed when grading
- Accessibility
- No inline & embedded styles
- No image distortion
- Must follow HTML.5 standard (using header, nav, main, footer, aside, etc)
- Strict separation of information from presentation (styles)
- URLs for graphics from internet must be provided (as comments in source code)
- Syntax error any other mistake

##### Disclaimer

1. The UI and concept is inspired by [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/).
2. The CSS styling is inspired by & follows [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) naming conventions.
